new-session -s evo -n code zsh
rename-window tests
new-session -s evo -n code zsh
rename-window web-server
rename-window tests
new-session -s reasonml -n code zsh
reasjqq
rename-window ocaml
clear-history 
new-session -s review -n code zsh
rename-window storybook-neon
rename-window js-clinets
clear-history 
reload
rename-session texas
rename-window js-clients
rename-window tests
rename-window js-clients
rename-window shell
rename-window storybook
rename-window js-clients
clear-history 
rename-window js-clients
rename-window bac-storybook
rename-window neon-storybook
rename-window bac-shell
rename-window neon-shell
deatach
detouch
detach-client 
rename-window js-clients
rename-window neon-storybook
rename-window js-clients
rename-window shell
rename-window js-clients
rename-
clear-history 
validate-ts
rename-window validate-ts
rename-window js-clients
rename-window tests
detach-client 
rename-window js-clients
rename-window tsc-b
rename-window js-clients
rename-window tests
clear-history]
clear-history 
rename-window fp-ts
rename-window 
rename-window fp-ts
clear-history 
rename-window 
rename-window js-clients
rename-window dealermodule
rename-window tests
clear-history 
deatach
detouch
detach
rename-window validate-ts
rename-window tests
clear-history 
rename-window js-clients
rename-window bac storybook
rename-window bac-storybook
gpuswitch
clear-history 
gpuswutt
clear-history 
rename-window minesweeper
rename-window tests
rename-window js-client
Resolving module 'components/App'
clear-history 
Resolving module 'components/App'
clear-history 
rename-window ssh-tun
rename-window storybook
rename-window emacs
clear-history 
rename-window book
detach-
detach-client 
t
tr
q
re
keyboard
qmk
clear-history 
rename-window sby
rename-window sbt
rename-window emacs
clear-history 
clock-mode
rename-window emacs
clear-history 
rename-window swift
rename-window js-clients
